2015-05-20
12:20

Initiating project from github.

The baseline objective of this project is to solve a problem set as a coding
exercise by Slack which I had initially turned down due to the time burden.

The core exercise is:
  * Create a lightbox view which shows images
  * The lightbox should source images from a public API
  * The lightbox should show the title
  * It should be possible to move between photos
  * No external libraries should be used

My preferred additional constraints are:
  * There should be providers for each API
  * The title should be shown over the text with a subtle gradient
  * Keybindings should work
  * It should be usable on a phone
  * It should handle failure well
  * It should handle infinite streams
  * It should gracefully handle large photos of various sizes
  * Multiple lightboxes on a page should work
  * Document it properly and push it to Bower

Iteration zero should:
  * Fake the API calls
  * Use coloured divs
  * Make good use of HTML5 elements.

NOTE: Add a README to this default template so I know to run npm install and
bower install next time.  Also, es6 classes need extra stuff required.

Creating initial demo page.
Created an initial Lightbox element with callback cycle stuff.

Decision: the 'provider' attribute should be a string that providers may match
against. This way there is one source of truth for provider and configuration.
If there were two, they could have different states and get out of sync.

Actually, what if I wanted several providers?  Let's think about that later…

13:25
Designing a provider API. The provider must be asynchronous. We have three
states: loading, success, failure.
Let's keep track of the states through the attrs, that way we can match on them
using CSS.

Now I need CSS.  Using SASS, mostly because I know @nex3.

14:05 Taking a break.

15:00
Got sidetracked on the sizing. Instead working on the display component
and state changes.
16:00 stopped

18:00 Working on CSS again.
18:35 Oh it's so pretty

23:30 Weird bug: the click boxes don't go where they're meant to but if I
remove the 'absolute' position and replace it, they do

2015-05-21
10:45 So this was entirely heavy on external tooling and stuff that's not
cross-browser. I'm starting over with what I've learned.

I really liked making the state machines explicit.

2015-05-23
Refactored this so that it doesn't rely on custom elements.  Instead we maintain
an internal state machine and also leverage some monitoring to spot changes to
the "src" attribute.  It's not crucial to how this works, but it's a nice detail
that makes this behave more like a real element.
